## ox-html5slide.el
*Export org-mode to HTML5 slide.*

---

ox-html5slide.el is a rewrite version of org-html5presentation.el
and only support org-mode 8.0 or above.


### Installation (not done yet)


If you have `melpa` and `emacs24` installed, simply type:

     M-x package-install org-html5slide

In your .emacs

     (require 'ox-html5slide)

### Function Documentation


#### `(org-html5presentation-get-hlevel INFO)`

Get HLevel value safely.
If option "HTML5SLIDE_HLEVEL" is set, retrieve integer value from it,
else get value from custom variable `org-html5slide-hlevel`.

#### `(org-html5slide-center-block CENTER-BLOCK CONTENTS INFO)`

Transcode a CENTER-BLOCK element from Org to HTML.
CONTENTS holds the contents of the block.  INFO is a plist
holding contextual information.

#### `(org-html5slide-stylesheets INFO)`

Return the HTML contents for declaring html5slide stylesheets.

#### `(org-html5slide-headline HEADLINE CONTENTS INFO)`

Transcode a HEADLINE element from Org to html5presentation.
CONTENTS holds the contents of the headline. INFO is a plist
holding contextual information.

#### `(org-html5slide-section SECTION CONTENTS INFO)`

Transcode a SECTION element from Org to HTML.
CONTENTS holds the contents of the section. INFO is a plist
holding contextual information.

#### `(org-html5slide-template CONTENTS INFO)`

Return complete document string after HTML conversion.
contents is the transoded contents string.
info is a plist holding eport options.

<!-- Error: (void-function &optional) -->

-----
<div style="padding-top:15px;color: #d0d0d0;">
Markdown README file generated by
<a href="https://github.com/mgalgs/make-readme-markdown">make-readme-markdown.el</a>
</div>
